secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
secret/nginxsecret created
configmap/nginxconfigmap created
